[QAOA] Creates qml.repeat Method (#723)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/code/qml_templates.rst

    pennylane.broadcast

> 

Reviewer: In future one could think of merging the two sections to "helper functions/functions acting on templates" or something.

Repetition Function
-------------------

> The repetition function creates a new template by repeatedly applying a quantum circuit (containing quantum
> gates and subroutines) to a set of wires. You can import this function both via

Reviewer: To me, a quantum circuit is somehow the same as a quantum function, and it includes measurements by definition. Maybe better to change to:

```suggestion
The repetition function creates a new template by repeatedly applying a sequence of quantum
gates to a set of wires. You can import this function both via
```
